applications: asset_tracker_v2: Wi-Fi location support with nrf7002 (#9619)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/doc/location_module.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The location module controls the GNSS, cellular and W-Fi positioning functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location module controls the GNSS, cellular and Wi-Fi positioning functionality.
```

When the module receives an A-GPS request, it distributes it to the other modules as a ``LOCATION_MODULE_EVT_AGPS_NEEDED`` event that contains information about the type of assistance data needed.
Providing the requested A-GPS data typically reduces significantly the time it takes to acquire a GNSS fix.

Wi-Fi positioning
=================

Wi-Fi positioning is supported with nRF7002 EK on nRF9160 DK.
To enable Wi-Fi positioning and especially nRF7002 functionality,
special DTC overlay with compiler option ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=nrf9160dk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` and
configuration overlay ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-nrf7002ek-wifi-scan-only.conf`` should be used.

> To build for the nRF9160 DK with nRF7002 EK, use the nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns build target with the ``SHIELD`` CMake option set to ``nrf7002_ek`` and scan-only overlay configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build for the nRF9160 DK with nRF7002 EK, use the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns`` build target with the ``SHIELD`` CMake option set to ``nrf7002_ek`` and a scan-only overlay configuration.
```

The following is an example of the CLI command:

.. code-block:: console

   west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002_ek -DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=nrf9160dk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-nrf7002ek-wifi-scan-only.conf

The following limitations exist with Wi-Fi positioning:

> * Only `nRF Cloud`_ supported
> * UI module must be disabled. LEDs and buttons related functionality has conflicts with nRF7002 EK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Only `nRF Cloud`_ is supported.
* The UI module must be disabled.
  Functionalities related to LEDs and buttons have conflicts with the nRF7002 EK.
```

> * UI module must be disabled. LEDs and buttons related functionality has conflicts with nRF7002 EK chipset.

Reviewer: I guess it's not the chipset, but the board?
```suggestion
* UI module must be disabled. LEDs and buttons related functionality has conflicts with nRF7002 EK.
```

.. note::

>    Wi-Fi configuration uses both FLASH and SRAM extensively.
>    Number of scan results can be configured with ``CONFIG_LOCATION_METHOD_WIFI_SCANNING_RESULTS_MAX_CNT`` Kconfig option to reduce SRAM consumption,
>    and ``CONFIG_HEAP_MEM_POOL_SIZE`` Kconfig option can be changed at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The Wi-Fi configuration uses both flash and SRAM extensively.
   You can configure the number of scan results with the :kconfig:option`CONFIG_LOCATION_METHOD_WIFI_SCANNING_RESULTS_MAX_CNT` Kconfig option to reduce SRAM consumption.
   You can also change the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HEAP_MEM_POOL_SIZE` Kconfig option.
```

Providing the requested A-GPS data typically reduces significantly the time it takes to acquire a GNSS fix.

Wi-Fi positioning
=================

Wi-Fi positioning is supported with an nRF7002 EK on the nRF9160 DK.
To enable Wi-Fi positioning and especially nRF7002 functionality, use a
special DTC overlay with the compiler option ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=nrf9160dk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` and a
configuration overlay ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-nrf7002ek-wifi-scan-only.conf``.

To build for the nRF9160 DK with nRF7002 EK, use the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns`` build target with the ``SHIELD`` CMake option set to ``nrf7002_ek`` and a scan-only overlay configuration.
The following is an example of the CLI command:

.. code-block:: console

   west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002_ek -DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=nrf9160dk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-nrf7002ek-wifi-scan-only.conf

Wi-Fi positioning has the following limitations:

* Only `nRF Cloud`_ is supported.
* The UI module must be disabled.
  Functionalities related to LEDs and buttons have conflicts with the nRF7002 EK.

.. note::

   The Wi-Fi configuration uses both flash and SRAM extensively.

>    You can configure the number of scan results with the :kconfig:option`CONFIG_LOCATION_METHOD_WIFI_SCANNING_RESULTS_MAX_CNT` Kconfig option to reduce SRAM consumption.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can configure the number of scan results with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOCATION_METHOD_WIFI_SCANNING_RESULTS_MAX_CNT` Kconfig option to reduce SRAM consumption.
```
